docs: architecture with the DevWorkspace engine (#2125)
codenvy/che-docs: modules/administration-guide/partials/con_user-workspaces.adoc

[id="user-workspaces_{context}"]
= User workspaces

> .User workspaces interactions with other components

Reviewer: In all other chapters similar diagrams didn't start the chapters but were inserted closer to the end. Should it be the same here?

image::architecture/{project-context}-user-workspaces-interactions.png[User workspaces interactions with other components]

User workspaces are web IDEs running in containers.

> A User workspace is a web applications. It consists of microservices running in containers providing all the services of a modern IDE running in your browser:

Reviewer: ...is a web application.
Or "User workspaces are web applications. They consist of...:

> A User workspace is a web applications. It consists of microservices running in containers providing all the services of a modern IDE running in your browser:

Author: ```suggestion
A User workspace is a web application. It consists of microservices running in containers providing all the services of a modern IDE running in your browser:
```

* Editor
* Language auto-completion
* Language server
* Debugging tools
* Plug-ins
* Application runtimes

A workspace is one {orch-name} Deployment containing the workspace containers and enabled plug-ins, plus related {orch-name} components:

* Containers
* ConfigMaps
* Services
* Endpoints
* Ingresses or Routes
* Secrets
* Persistent Volumes (PVs)

> A {prod-short} workspace contains the source code of the projects, persisted in a {platforms-name} Persistent Volume (PV). Microservices have read-write access to this shared directory.

Author: ```suggestion
A {prod-short} workspace contains the source code of the projects persisted in a {platforms-name} Persistent Volume (PV). Microservices have read-write access to this shared directory.
```

> A {prod-short} workspace contains the source code of the projects, persisted in a {platforms-name} Persistent Volume (PV). Microservices have read-write access to this shared directory.

Reviewer: Comma before "persisted" isn't strictly needed, the sentence is short and understandable.

"This shared directory" means Persistent Volume? Can it be specified somehow to connect 2 sentences better? E.g. 
     Microservices have read-write access to such shared PVs.
Or
     ... projects persisted in a shared {platforms-name} Persistent Volume (PV). Microservices have read-write access to such shared volumes.
WDYT?

Use the devfile v2 format to specify the tools and runtime applications of a {prod-short} workspace.

> The following diagram shows the detailed components of a {prod-short} workspace.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following diagram shows one running {prod-short} workspace and its components.
```
And then the last sentence (after the diagram) won't be needed.
